THE SEVEN DEADLY SINS:
FOUR KNIGHTS OF THE APOCALYPSE
THE BOY OF DESTINY
Did something happen with Tristan?
He's been acting funny
ever since yesterday.
Who knows.
What happened with Tristan yesterday
is our little secret, after all.
What's going on?
The spirits?
Don't just jump out like that.
I haven't summoned you.
Looks like they're trembling.
Did something frighten them?
Zarura N'Du?
"We are a Piece of the Great One"?
Ring any bells?
Well, how about this?
Vas Zigra! "Awaken!"
Well?
What?
No good?
Guess you've been out for too long.
I have absolutely no idea
what you're talking about.
Hey. We're not done training yet.
Level two, clear.
Next up is level three.
You just leave that with me again.
Hey, wait!
Wow, pretty powerful.
We're gonna have some fun with this one!
Don't tell me level three is...
Pellegarde?
Don't mind that Pellegarde.
He's the one who awakened
Percival for us, after all.
Damn, seriously?
Crossing swords at Pellegarde's level?
I'm not falling for that again!
- Missed again!
- No!
That's a point!
He won again.
No way!
Still, that was only the Pellegarde
you calculated from Percival's memories.
I doubt he's ever used
his full strength against Percival.
At best, it was only half.
And of course,
I'm not using my full reserves either.
Level three, clear.
Not half bad.
Level four starts now.
As much as I'd love to be all "Bring it!"
this is Percival's training, right?
I won't butt in any more.
I've had my fill of teasing you.
Seems the one from this level is
the one Percival's gotta fight on his own.
The one I have to fight on my own?
I know this presence! It's...
Ironside.
He's going to fight Ironside
all on his own?
Against someone
not even us four could take?
I'm much stronger than I was back then.
I must be on par with him now.
Or at least pretty close...
Or I can give at least
a bit of a fight, maybe?
Can I help him out one last time?
Going back on your word already?
Absolutely no manners whatsoever.
Have it your way.
Two versus one is fine by me.
Don't get me wrong.
Percival's gonna do all the fighting.
Wow.
I feel the magic seeping into my body.
My limbs... My fingers and toes...
It's like I can feel through
every finger, every strand of hair!
Every nerve in your body
has been heightened.
Here he comes.
Now it's my turn!
He can't dodge that!
I can't dodge an attack...
like that?
Did you see that?
His timing was impeccable,
and that jump was superb.
Was that you just now?
I didn't do anything. That was all you.
That was me?
But you gotta learn
how to control your power.
You'd be falling headfirst
if we were on a narrow edge.
Do you see now just how much power
you've had untapped within you?
Listen here.
You need to learn and master
how every part of your body moves,
at what timing,
and with how much strength.
Why are you doing all this for me?
It's simple.
Because it is your duty...
to bring Ironside to justice.
The miasma of death!
Behemoth's negative energy
is closing in on us!
Seek shelter, quickly!
Hey, everyone! Look over there!
The rain of fire's stopped.
The path to Behemoth is about to open.
Master Percival
will save the Demon Realm again!
Do not lose hope!
I'm afraid we must
count on you once again, Percival.
Not sure I'll be much help,
but I'd like to try.
Does this mean he passed his training?
Nope. His opponent was too strong.
- How about you, Donny?
- Don't even ask.
Really?
Come back to the Demon Realm anytime,
my bouncing baby boy.
Gel.
Gelda's right.
You're not just the savior
of the Demon Realm.
You're also like our beloved son.
I've arranged transport
for you to get to Behemoth.
Take care.
Thank you.
Percy. Let's go.
Sure.
It's moving! This thing is moving!
And it's ginormous.
It's like a mountain!
And it's fast! This Alpion!
The Great Beasts, "Albion."
They're the golems used in the Holy War.
Who'd have thought you could
climb inside and control them?
Hey! Why do you get to drive it?
Whoo-hoo! I want a turn too!
You'll get your turn.
Let me handle it for now.
Well, I'm glad everyone's having fun.
But didn't they say we could set it
so it would take us there automatically?
Do you not have a man brain, Nasiens?
See? Lancelot gets it.
A man brain?
More like a kid's brain.
Hey, you do realize
Gawain never came back, right?
She's right.
Maybe we should have waited for her?
She's probably dead.
Hey, that's no way to talk about a friend.
There's no point
in worrying about that now.
Our mission is simple.
Find the door to Camelot and enter.
And kill all who stand in our way.
Gawain is a Knight of Prophecy.
She'll be back.
That's just wishful thinking.
You really think things work out
just like they do in stories?
Chion. Stop it.
Whatever happens,
we've got no choice in the matter.
Because that is our destiny.
Lancelot! Look out!
It's getting harder to see.
Behemoth must be close by.
But hang on.
Doesn't the miasma seem to be avoiding us?
Maybe it's a feature of the Albion?
Why does the miasma
have no effect on this area only?
It matters not,
for it works out well for us.
Not even I can protect us from the miasma.
Either way,
we'll keep our presence hidden.
Our goal is to destroy the door
and prevent them from entering.
And to get rid of Percival.
Our mission begins once we reach Behemoth.
Hey, I wonder where Behemoth is?
We've traveled pretty far.
It's pretty big,
so we should be seeing it soon, I hope.
No need to search.
We're already on Behemoth's back.
What?
You've been here before, you know?
Have I really, Jiggly-me?
Don't call me that.
Compared to Behemoth,
this Albion is the size of a flea.
So we could find the door any moment now?
But we'll never find it
with the miasma so thick.
You noticed that too?
Seems we have some flies on our head.
I'm gonna shake us.
- Watch out, Tristan!
- Thank you.
Looks like we've got company.
How did they know?
I was sure our presence was hidden.
They focused too much
on hiding their presence
and let their thoughts
leak out completely.
There are six or seven of them.
We are left with no choice.
Arakdo! Destroy the Albion!
What is that?
One of their purgatorial beasts.
Not bad! A perfect match for the Albion!
Why are you so happy about this?
That thing's faster than the Albion.
Doesn't this thing
have any anti-air defenses?
Fire! Shoot it down!
- Damn it.
- Zoa!
- It fired!
- Good job, Percy!
You keep firing at it.
Zoa, Zoa, Zoa, Zoa!
I think you overdid it!
What do I do?
Wow. This is so much fun.
Lance! Back to reality!
What Tristan said!
How monstrously destructive!
I think we're done for, Sir Mortlach.
It hit the Albion.
We're not done for yet.
Nice toy you got there.
But it's no match for Arakdo,
the mystical beast from Purgatory.
I sense their presence in its abdomen.
Aim for the belly and--
No way.
Stomach Ray.
No enemy can survive
the Albion's killer move.
That was just your bow and arrow!
But hot damn, what a bow and arrow!
What are you talking about?
That was the Albion's killer move.
My mistake.
Seems he can't stand the idea
of the Albion losing.
I told you. Kid brain.
Help, I'm scared.
Hey, is someone trying to say something?
The Albion is falling.
The Albion stopped moving.
Are you sure it's okay to get out of it?
Yes, the miasma is still avoiding us.
Wonder why it's doing that?
Is it you, Tristan?
Not even the power of the Goddess Clan
can protect against
such powerful negative energy.
Really?
This is Percival's magic.
This is my doing?
No way.
So this is why my uncle said
we'd be all right as long as he's with us.
Who exactly are you?
Well, I don't really know either.
I bet you know though, right?
Before we get to that,
how about we take out
those dogs that have been sniffing around?
It was Percival
keeping the miasma at bay all along?
Are you sure he's the weakest
of the Knights of Prophecy?
I must say, we are severely disadvantaged.
Saint Coat.
SAINT COAT
Is that Goddess magic?
Why would there be a Goddess
among the Knights of Chaos?
The negative energy is too strong.
We're in the heart of the miasma.
Are we going to die?
We haven't even completed our mission.
King Arthur, please forgive us.
Don't give up!
Looks like we have to roll the dice.
Gawain!
So she fell into the hands of the enemy.
We have brought shame to ourselves!
To think someone from the Goddess Clan
was walking among the humans.
And he is incredibly skilled.
What will you do,
O Knights of the Apocalypse?
Your precious friends will die
if you don't come on down here.
Don't listen to him.
It's my own fault
for charging ahead on my own.
Stay right where you are
and bear witness to our deaths.
I take full responsibility
for my own failure.
My lady, you plan to go down with us?
You are mistaken, Mortlach.
They are not my friends, nor my comrades.
To them, I am just a stranger.
Let's go!
Man, we always end up doing this!
- Percival!
- Tristan!
Why?
Looks like the gamble paid off.
Why would you make things harder
for yourselves for a stranger like me?
You fools!
Everyone starts out as strangers at first.
But you go through hardships together
and you end up becoming friends.
Gawain. You're a good friend to us now.
Please don't make my efforts
to convince you
to come along with us be in vain.
I still owe you a pudding.
You're so naive.
Each and every one of you.
And you over there.
I went to the trouble of saving you,
so I can't just watch you die.
And you have something of mine to return.
Percival?
He saved you? Is this true?
Explain yourself, Rosebank!
Percival, Knight of the Apocalypse.
You may be our enemy,
but you are an admirable young man.
However...
We too have something we cannot concede.
We too have something to protect.
And for that,
we can let you go no further,
even if it means resorting
to dishonorable means.
Help...
There's that strange voice again.
Help.
Help us!
Where am I?
Lancelot? Donny? Anne? Nasiens?
Where is everyone?
Help us!
Go away, bad things. I'm scared.
This is our world.
Jiggly-me?
You were summoned by these voices.
You were resonating with the voices,
and so you got pulled over to this side.
Who's calling out to me?
Is it the same people
I've been hearing for a while now?
They're over there.
Help us.
- What's this blob?
- Bad things, go away!
It's afraid of the unusual events
taking place in the Demon Realm.
This is the true form of
the gigantic beast they call "Behemoth."
This is Behemoth?
It is also our sibling.
I don't understand.
You mean to say you and me
are related to this thing?
Listen carefully.
You and I, we have no form,
and we have no individual identity.
We are beings who bring
prosperity and death to all the realms.
What are you?
What am I?
We are Life Spirits.
Life Spirits?
Yes.
Humans, demons,
goddesses, giants, fairies.
We are the source
that sustains all life in this world.
That is what resides within Behemoth.
That is what I am. And what you are.
BANQUET FOR BRAVES
Subtitle translation by: Rychelle Brittain